This concludes our course on
segmentation and clustering.
Through it,
we have seen why clustering is so
different from just grouping objects
based on a couple of variables.
We have reviewed the current
different methods for clustering, and
have drilled into one of those methods.
And finally, we have seen how to
validate the results for clustering.
Now as a reminder, the exercise
we've gone through in this course is
related to a retail
oriented business problem.
But clustering and segmentation is
intended to work in any industry.
So always remember that if you have a
problem where you have a large number of
objects and you'd like to treat them
more individually, putting them
into segments and using clustering
to do that can be a good way to go.
Thank you for
taking the time to explore the facets
of this form of business analytics.